You feed me
Where did this babysitter come from?
I seem to have seen it somewhere
What kind of nanny? There are no rules for calling mom.
Where can I get a mother?
Dad, are you getting old and confused?
What does the old man like to call us?
We juniors have to support our family
fart
He's a nanny.
How can I call him Mom?
You are a nanny who can show off everywhere
Why can't I be your mother?
Grandpa, what do you think?
Don't get mad at me, old man
It's not worth it. I told you so.
I'm a cleaner
I don't deserve you at all
I say deserve it
I have nothing but money
If you don't dislike me, I'll be content when I'm old
But...
Vice President of Eye
Du Xiaozi, you have no right to speak here
Dad, you beat me up for a babysitter
If you don't want to be kicked out, get out of here immediately
Past grandpa
I always force you to pick up a thousand catties of small wine that is right for your family
In fact, marry a good wife
Do you like Xiaorou?
Let's welcome her in early
Ah, it's you.